Degree of parallelism: No of parallel chips * No of parallel planes.
As of today, only chip level parallelism is tested. Need to debug and fix crashes in plane level parallelism.

Provision available to test ganging. So need to run test cases. Hopefully, if I don't find any bugs, it should be straightforward to run and get data.

Performance depends a lot on the workload.
Performance -> IOPS or Response time.
System IOPS = Per chip IOPS * No of gangs. where no of gangs = (No of chips/chips per gang)

Response time(RT): Currently looking at response time.

For the set of data that I have got, I am trying to answer the following questions:
1. What characteristics of the workload(IOZone) affect RT?
2. How do the numbers vary. For example, as the no of chips increase, response time decreases. How long does this last. What design makes this possible? etc.
3. Some sudden reduction in response times. Why does this happen?

In hindsight, the observations i have made seem straightforward, but neverthless I am having it in black and white.
Analyzed one set of data: 1,8,64,2948,20,(2-64). Response time decreases from as high as 112 ms to 0.8 ms. 

How does workload affect the response time?
-> Avg request size: 720blocks ~ 360KB. RT depends on degree of parallelism. How fast can multiple pages be brought to the controller from the NAND array.
Hence as the no of chips increases, RT decreases (for this given case).
-> Type of interleaving. The given set simulates chip level interleaving.(ie) page i = i%no_of_chips. Hence as no of chips increases(capacity also increases along with it), RT decreases.
-> Page size: Decrease in page size, also negatively decreases the RT that is got due to the parallelism since the least level of data access is in a page. Smaller pages result in more requests getting queued and more requests needing to be serviced. Another impact is due to smaller pages: More erasures when we need to write data. By combining with interleaving it can result in decreased RT.


